Binomial (Alphabetical)	Sentence
body and mind	"A professional athlete must train both body and mind in order to not only perform well, but also be able to do so under stress. 		"	
body and mind	"A professional athlete must train both mind and body in order to not only perform well, but also be able to do so under stress. 		"	
litter and newts	"After a big sale, litter and newts were all that remained of the pet store's inventory."	
litter and newts	"After a big sale, newts and litter were all that remained of the pet store's inventory."	
child and mother	"After the birth, both child and mother were asleep in the hospital bed."	
child and mother	"After the birth, both mother and child were asleep in the hospital bed."	
safe and sound	"After the storm, Haley was glad to hear that her grandparents were safe and sound in their country home."	
safe and sound	"After the storm, Haley was glad to hear that her grandparents were sound and safe in their country home."	
bacteria and candy	All that was left of the girl's Halloween candy was a mess of bacteria and candy after the dog got into her bag.	
bacteria and candy	All that was left of the girl's Halloween candy was a mess of candy and bacteria after the dog got into her bag.	
read and write	"Although she had been studying it for a while, she was just beginning to learn to read and write in German.		"	
read and write	"Although she had been studying it for a while, she was just beginning to learn to write and read in German.		"	
drink and food	"Although some drink and food were provided at the reception, there was not enough to go around."	
drink and food	"Although some food and drink were provided at the reception, there was not enough to go around."	
fauna and flora	"An extensive list of the Amazon's fauna and flora would span thousands of pages.		"	
fauna and flora	"An extensive list of the Amazon's flora and fauna would span thousands of pages.		"	
brothers and sisters	"Andrew had always shared his room with his brothers and sisters, so he was excited to have a new roommate in college.		"	
brothers and sisters	"Andrew had always shared his room with his sisters and brothers, so he was excited to have a new roommate in college.		"	
gelatin and lard	"As a vegetarian, gelatin and lard are difficult to avoid."	
gelatin and lard	"As a vegetarian, lard and gelatin are difficult to avoid."	
hesitate and readjust	"As Joe carried a tall stack of boxes, he had to hesitate and readjust before he could go further."	
hesitate and readjust	"As Joe carried a tall stack of boxes, he had to readjust and hesitate before he could go further."	
chanting and enchanting	"At the wizard school, chanting and enchanting were very common occurrences."	
chanting and enchanting	"At the wizard school, enchanting and chanting were very common occurrences."	
horses and loons	At the zoo we saw horses and loons in their natural habitats.	
horses and loons	At the zoo we saw loons and horses in their natural habitats.	
allergic and unaccustomed	"Because Jim was allergic and unaccustomed to elderberries, he was careful to avoid them."	
allergic and unaccustomed	"Because Jim was unaccustomed and allergic to elderberries, he was careful to avoid them."	
rats and sharks	Billy drew almost nothing but rats and sharks day after day in elementary school art class.	
rats and sharks	Billy drew almost nothing but sharks and rats day after day in elementary school art class.	
pain and suffering	Blake dislikes seeing all the pain and suffering in the world when he watches the news.	
pain and suffering	Blake dislikes seeing all the suffering and pain in the world when he watches the news.	
church and state	"Both the church and state agreed on the education reforms.		"	
church and state	"Both the state and church agreed on the education reforms.		"	
past and present	By comparing the past and present we can learn about universal human tendencies.	
past and present	By comparing the present and past we can learn about universal human tendencies.	
buy and sell	Caleb likes to buy and sell electronics on eBay as a hobby.	
buy and sell	Caleb likes to sell and buy electronics on eBay as a hobby.	
church and state	Catherine was not surprised that tensions between church and state ran high during the election season.	
church and state	Catherine was not surprised that tensions between state and church ran high during the election season.	
child and mother	Clarissa found the painting of a child and mother to be very moving.	
child and mother	Clarissa found the painting of a mother and child to be very moving.	
hesitate and readjust	Comments from his coach caused the student to hesitate and readjust before making the throw.	
hesitate and readjust	Comments from his coach caused the student to readjust and hesitate before making the throw.	
buy and sell	"Consignment stores are a great way to both buy and sell old things.		"	
buy and sell	"Consignment stores are a great way to both sell and buy old things.		"	
horses and loons	Danny looked happily out the window at the horses and loons roaming the countryside.	
horses and loons	Danny looked happily out the window at the loons and horses roaming the countryside.	
gold and silver	Dave gave his wife a beautiful gold and silver bracelet for her birthday.	
gold and silver	Dave gave his wife a beautiful silver and gold bracelet for her birthday.	
bicycles and robots	Dave was always building bicycles and robots when he was younger.	
bicycles and robots	Dave was always building robots and bicycles when he was younger.	
currant and pomegranate	"Dave was an unusual child, as his favorite fruits were currant and pomegranate."	
currant and pomegranate	"Dave was an unusual child, as his favorite fruits were pomegranate and currant."	
sour and sweet	David's favorite food was sour and sweet chicken because he liked the sauce.	
sour and sweet	David's favorite food was sweet and sour chicken because he liked the sauce.	
alive and well	Deborah's grandmother was alive and well despite having a heart attack at 78 years old.	
alive and well	Deborah's grandmother was well and alive despite having a heart attack at 78 years old.	
east and west	Diane wrote a book about her travels east and west around the globe for a year.	
east and west	Diane wrote a book about her travels west and east around the globe for a year.	
development and research	"Emily spent a few years in development and research but eventually decided to go back to academia.		"	
development and research	"Emily spent a few years in research and development but eventually decided to go back to academia.		"	
cherries and llamas	"Even with all the other attractions, the cherries and llamas were my favorite parts of the farm visit."	
cherries and llamas	"Even with all the other attractions, the llamas and cherries were my favorite parts of the farm visit."	
safe and sound	"Every night the baby lay safe and sound in her crib.		"	
safe and sound	"Every night the baby lay sound and safe in her crib.		"	
king and queen	Everyone bowed as the king and queen entered the throne room.	
king and queen	Everyone bowed as the queen and king entered the throne room.	
heart and soul	Excercising regularly is important for your heart and soul according to my mother.	
heart and soul	Excercising regularly is important for your soul and heart according to my mother.	
error and trial	"Hal solved the math problem by error and trial because he couldn't remember the shortcut.		"	
error and trial	"Hal solved the math problem by trial and error because he couldn't remember the shortcut.		"	
pain and suffering	Harold was prescribed medication to ease the pain and suffering associated with his condition.	
pain and suffering	Harold was prescribed medication to ease the suffering and pain associated with his condition.	
first and ninety-eighth	"He had a multitude of ideas, though all but the first and ninety-eighth were terrible."	
first and ninety-eighth	"He had a multitude of ideas, though all but the ninety-eighth and first were terrible."	
abashed and sorry	He was abashed and sorry about his horrible behavior.	
ducks and peanuts	"He was excited to go look at ducks and peanuts all day.		"	
ducks and peanuts	"He was excited to go look at peanuts and ducks all day.		"	
abashed and sorry	He was sorry and abashed about his horrible behavior.	
coroners and senators	He wondered why there were so many coroners and senators at the scientific conference.	
coroners and senators	He wondered why there were so many senators and coroners at the scientific conference.	
crime and punishment	He wrote a paper about the different views of crime and punishment around the world.	
crime and punishment	He wrote a paper about the different views of punishment and crime around the world.	
happily and rudely	His mother didn't hear when Nate happily and rudely told his sister to shut up.	
happily and rudely	His mother didn't hear when Nate rudely and happily told his sister to shut up.	
coroners and senators	"His uncles were all coroners and senators in their day jobs, but they all wanted to get into the movie industry."	
coroners and senators	"His uncles were all senators and coroners in their day jobs, but they all wanted to get into the movie industry."	
right and wrong	Historians can attest to the fact that right and wrong have often been determined by the victor in a conflict.	
right and wrong	Historians can attest to the fact that wrong and right have often been determined by the victor in a conflict.	
brothers and sisters	I always love seeing my brothers and sisters when I go home for the holidays.	
brothers and sisters	I always love seeing my sisters and brothers when I go home for the holidays.	
intents and purposes	I could not guess the intents and purposes of the confusing new regulations.	
intents and purposes	I could not guess the purposes and intents of the confusing new regulations.	
sour and sweet	I found that the sour and sweet pork was much better at this new restaurant than at my favorite one.	
sour and sweet	I found that the sweet and sour pork was much better at this new restaurant than at my favorite one.	
pain and suffering	I hate to see the pain and suffering my mom goes through after chemo treatments.	
pain and suffering	I hate to see the suffering and pain my mom goes through after chemo treatments.	
heart and soul	I invested my heart and soul in the charity that my father founded.	
heart and soul	I invested my soul and heart in the charity that my father founded.	
buy and sell	I like to go to the local swap meet to buy and sell old records.	
buy and sell	I like to go to the local swap meet to sell and buy old records.	
match and mix	I like to match and mix my clothing to create new outfits.	
match and mix	I like to mix and match my clothing to create new outfits.	
match and mix	"I like when a store has match and mix sales, so I don't have to buy two of the same thing to get a discount."	
match and mix	"I like when a store has mix and match sales, so I don't have to buy two of the same thing to get a discount."	
determined and forgettable	I talked with my boss about whether to hire the determined and forgettable job candidate that we interviewed.	
determined and forgettable	I talked with my boss about whether to hire the forgettable and determined job candidate that we interviewed.	
vocabulary and vowels	I want to improve my vocabulary and vowels so I can do well on standardized tests.	
vocabulary and vowels	I want to improve my vowels and vocabulary so I can do well on standardized tests.	
bitter and purple	I was unwilling to drink the juice that was bitter and purple despite my personal trainer's insistences.	
bitter and purple	I was unwilling to drink the juice that was purple and bitter despite my personal trainer's insistences.	
past and present	"In both her past and present she experienced many setbacks in her career.		"	
past and present	"In both her present and past she experienced many setbacks in her career.		"	
right and wrong	"In many cases, what is right and wrong is subjective opinion.		"	
right and wrong	"In many cases, what is wrong and right is subjective opinion.		"	
puppies and tigers	"In my dream, I had puppies and tigers that I kept as pets."	
puppies and tigers	"In my dream, I had tigers and puppies that I kept as pets."	
flowers and zinnias	"In the spring, Julie will plant flowers and zinnias in her new garden."	
flowers and zinnias	"In the spring, Julie will plant zinnias and flowers in her new garden."	
vocabulary and vowels	Irena had trouble with vocabulary and vowels while she was learning English.	
vocabulary and vowels	Irena had trouble with vowels and vocabulary while she was learning English.	
past and present	"It is important to examine both the past and present when trying to determine what the future holds.		"	
past and present	"It is important to examine both the present and past when trying to determine what the future holds.		"	
fauna and flora	It is important to study both the fauna and flora in a region in order to fully understand the ecosystem.	
fauna and flora	It is important to study both the flora and fauna in a region in order to fully understand the ecosystem.	
allergic and unaccustomed	"It was unfortunate that Jeffrey was allergic and unaccustomed to the weather in the city, as he had been looking forward to the trip."	
allergic and unaccustomed	"It was unfortunate that Jeffrey was unaccustomed and allergic to the weather in the city, as he had been looking forward to the trip."	
allergic and unaccustomed	Jack guessed that he must be allergic and unaccustomed to something in this new climate and resolved never to travel again.	
allergic and unaccustomed	Jack guessed that he must be unaccustomed and allergic to something in this new climate and resolved never to travel again.	
blankets and kittens	Jean likes snuggling with her blankets and kittens while she reads a book.	
blankets and kittens	Jean likes snuggling with her kittens and blankets while she reads a book.	
men and women	Jen thought that the men and women in her dance class were all very talented.	
men and women	Jen thought that the women and men in her dance class were all very talented.	
rats and sharks	Jenny was interested in rats and sharks as a young child.	
rats and sharks	Jenny was interested in sharks and rats as a young child.	
arts and sciences	"Jessica couldn't decide between studying arts and sciences in college, so she studied both."	
arts and sciences	"Jessica couldn't decide between studying sciences and arts in college, so she studied both."	
happily and rudely	Joe hated his boss since he was always happily and rudely telling people off.	
happily and rudely	Joe hated his boss since he was always rudely and happily telling people off.	
bride and groom	John showed me pictures of the bride and groom both dressed in blue.	
bride and groom	John showed me pictures of the groom and bride both dressed in blue.	
arts and sciences	Joseph had a keen interest in both the arts and sciences developed in ancient Rome.	
arts and sciences	Joseph had a keen interest in both the sciences and arts developed in ancient Rome.	
discontent and tearfulness	Julie suffered from discontent and tearfulness after hearing that she was laid off from her job.	
discontent and tearfulness	Julie suffered from tearfulness and discontent after hearing that she was laid off from her job.	
abashed and sorry	"Kate had not studied much for the test, and was abashed and sorry about her performance."	
abashed and sorry	"Kate had not studied much for the test, and was sorry and abashed about her performance."	
therapy and vacations	"Katherine's boss did not want her to take time off for therapy and vacations, even though it would improve her health."	
therapy and vacations	"Katherine's boss did not want her to take time off for vacations and therapy, even though it would improve her health."	
hesitate and readjust	Katie's mom warned her to hesitate and readjust so she wouldn't fall down when she ran excitedly to the playground.	
hesitate and readjust	Katie's mom warned her to readjust and hesitate so she wouldn't fall down when she ran excitedly to the playground.	
gold and silver	Keith marveled at the gold and silver decorations on the walls of the palace.	
gold and silver	Keith marveled at the silver and gold decorations on the walls of the palace.	
groundskeeper and superintendent	Laura had to interview many people for the groundskeeper and superintendent positions before she found good candidates.	
groundskeeper and superintendent	Laura had to interview many people for the superintendent and groundskeeper positions before she found good candidates.	
groundskeeper and superintendent	Laura heard that the school's groundskeeper and superintendent got married over the summer.	
groundskeeper and superintendent	Laura heard that the school's superintendent and groundskeeper got married over the summer.	
food and drink	"Lea had not had food and drink all day, so she was excited to go out to dinner.		"	
bacteria and candy	Leah reached into the bowl of bacteria and candy as she sat in the doctor's office waiting room.	
bacteria and candy	Leah reached into the bowl of candy and bacteria as she sat in the doctor's office waiting room.	
loss and profit	Learning to forecast loss and profit was a topic in Brian's business skills class.	
loss and profit	Learning to forecast profit and loss was a topic in Brian's business skills class.	
body and mind	Learning to strengthen your body and mind is one of main purposes of doing yoga.	
body and mind	Learning to strengthen your mind and body is one of main purposes of doing yoga.	
east and west	"Lena had lived in the east and west and loved both.		"	
east and west	"Lena had lived in the west and east and loved both.		"	
fork and knife	Many children find eating with a fork and knife to be a difficult skill to learn.	
fork and knife	Many children find eating with a knife and fork to be a difficult skill to learn.	
drink and food	Many students were dismayed after drink and food were banned from classrooms.	
drink and food	Many students were dismayed after food and drink were banned from classrooms.	
development and research	Many years of development and research went into the company's new product.	
development and research	Many years of research and development went into the company's new product.	
therapy and vacations	Maria could use therapy and vacations to feel less stressed.	
therapy and vacations	Maria could use vacations and therapy to feel less stressed.	
development and research	Mark finds working on development and research for the marketing company to be a very satisfying career.	
development and research	Mark finds working on research and development for the marketing company to be a very satisfying career.	
address and name	"Mary needed the landlord's address and name before she could send her first rent check.		"	
address and name	"Mary needed the landlord's name and address before she could send her first rent check.		"	
husband and wife	Michelle was surprised to learn that the husband and wife were getting a divorce.	
husband and wife	Michelle was surprised to learn that the wife and husband were getting a divorce.	
arts and sciences	Most universities have programs in the arts and sciences in addition to having various professional schools.	
arts and sciences	Most universities have programs in the sciences and arts in addition to having various professional schools.	
safe and sound	My aunt was relieved to find her wedding dress still safe and sound after a burglar robbed her house.	
safe and sound	My aunt was relieved to find her wedding dress still sound and safe after a burglar robbed her house.	
talking and singing	My cousin's new talking and singing toy is annoying and teal according to my aunt.	
talking and singing	My cousin's new talking and singing toy is teal and annoying according to my aunt.	
lankier and lanky	My cousins were all lankier and lanky but were surprisingly strong.	
lankier and lanky	My cousins were all lanky and lankier but were surprisingly strong.	
felines and quails	My favorite animals have been felines and quails ever since I was a kid.	
felines and quails	My favorite animals have been quails and felines ever since I was a kid.	
gelatin and lard	"My friend complained that the dessert tasted like gelatin and lard in a bowl, but ate it all anyway."	
gelatin and lard	"My friend complained that the dessert tasted like lard and gelatin in a bowl, but ate it all anyway."	
nurses and patriarchs	My grandparents were all nurses and patriarchs when they were alive.	
nurses and patriarchs	My grandparents were all patriarchs and nurses when they were alive.	
fork and knife	"Not all cultures use a fork and knife as their main utensils.		"	
fork and knife	"Not all cultures use a knife and fork as their main utensils.		"	
magazines and newspapers	Paul primarily got his news through magazines and newspapers rather than through television.	
magazines and newspapers	Paul primarily got his news through newspapers and magazines rather than through television.	
masculine and undignified	Peter met a man who was masculine and undignified at the conference he went to last month.	
masculine and undignified	Peter met a man who was undignified and masculine at the conference he went to last month.	
crime and punishment	Peter studied the laws concerning crime and punishment in Ancient Greece and Rome.	
crime and punishment	Peter studied the laws concerning punishment and crime in Ancient Greece and Rome.	
crime and punishment	Peter was ashamed of the crime and punishment laws in his state.	
crime and punishment	Peter was ashamed of the punishment and crime laws in his state.	
heart and soul	Richard put his heart and soul into teaching middle schoolers. 	
heart and soul	Richard put his soul and heart into teaching middle schoolers. 	
flowers and zinnias	Sarah loved looking at the flowers and zinnias in the park.	
flowers and zinnias	Sarah loved looking at the zinnias and flowers in the park.	
alive and well	Sarah was relieved to find that her friends were alive and well after the car crash.	
alive and well	Sarah was relieved to find that her friends were well and alive after the car crash.	
radio and television	Seth follows both radio and television broadcasts to stay informed about current events.	
radio and television	Seth follows both television and radio broadcasts to stay informed about current events.	
blankets and kittens	Seth told me that there are blankets and kittens in that box over there.	
blankets and kittens	Seth told me that there are kittens and blankets in that box over there.	
body and mind	"Seth wanted to relax both his body and mind before taking the final.		"	
body and mind	"Seth wanted to relax both his mind and body before taking the final.		"	
ducks and peanuts	"She couldn't believe how many ducks and peanuts were at the pond.		"	
ducks and peanuts	"She couldn't believe how many peanuts and ducks were at the pond.		"	
fauna and flora	"She had a hobby of studying fauna and flora in her spare time.		"	
fauna and flora	"She had a hobby of studying flora and fauna in her spare time.		"	
masculine and undignified	She regretted going on a date with the masculine and undignified man she met at the bar.	
masculine and undignified	She regretted going on a date with the undignified and masculine man she met at the bar.	
puppies and tigers	"She wondered if puppies and tigers would get along, but had no way of testing the question."	
puppies and tigers	"She wondered if tigers and puppies would get along, but had no way of testing the question."	
actresses and lumberjacks	Sheila had become accustomed to seeing actresses and lumberjacks around town.	
actresses and lumberjacks	Sheila had become accustomed to seeing lumberjacks and actresses around town.	
alive and well	Shima was finally feeling alive and well again after being sick for the past week.	
alive and well	Shima was finally feeling well and alive again after being sick for the past week.	
annoying and teal	"Since moving into the new house, the man has been plagued by an annoying and teal bird that causes a racket in the mornings."	
annoying and teal	"Since moving into the new house, the man has been plagued by an teal and annoying bird that causes a racket in the mornings."	
backwards and forwards	Soccer players practice running both backwards and forwards in order to stay nimble.	
backwards and forwards	Soccer players practice running both forwards and backwards in order to stay nimble.	
gold and silver	"Society has moved past directly using gold and silver as currency.		"	
gold and silver	"Society has moved past directly using silver and gold as currency.		"	
read and write	Some children enjoy learning to read and write but others dislike it.	
read and write	Some children enjoy learning to write and read but others dislike it.	
error and trial	Sometimes it feels like error and trial is the only way to learn.	
error and trial	Sometimes it feels like trial and error is the only way to learn.	
sour and sweet	Susan disliked the sour and sweet soup at the fancy restaurant.	
sour and sweet	Susan disliked the sweet and sour soup at the fancy restaurant.	
radio and television	"Susie didn't like to read, so radio and television were her favorite forms of entertainment.		"	
radio and television	"Susie didn't like to read, so television and radio were her favorite forms of entertainment.		"	
right and wrong	Teaching children what is right and wrong is a difficult task for parents.	
right and wrong	Teaching children what is wrong and right is a difficult task for parents.	
rats and sharks	"Teresa loved rats and sharks, and wanted to be a biologist when she grew up."	
rats and sharks	"Teresa loved sharks and rats, and wanted to be a biologist when she grew up."	
read and write	"The ability to read and write is an important factor in determining a person's success.		"	
read and write	"The ability to write and read is an important factor in determining a person's success.		"	
radio and television	"The advent of radio and television marked the beginning of the decline of newspapers.		"	
radio and television	"The advent of television and radio marked the beginning of the decline of newspapers.		"	
peace and war	The anthropologist studied the way different cultures conceived of peace and war during the Middle Ages.	
peace and war	The anthropologist studied the way different cultures conceived of war and peace during the Middle Ages.	
chanting and enchanting	The apprentice left the wizard to do his chanting and enchanting in peace.	
chanting and enchanting	The apprentice left the wizard to do his enchanting and chanting in peace.	
discontent and tearfulness	The athlete managed to keep training through the discontent and tearfulness of his early years.	
discontent and tearfulness	The athlete managed to keep training through the tearfulness and discontent of his early years.	
bitter and purple	The berries were bitter and purple when I ate them this morning.	
bitter and purple	The berries were purple and bitter when I ate them this morning.	
bicycles and robots	The boy put bicycles and robots on his Christmas list this year.	
bicycles and robots	The boy put robots and bicycles on his Christmas list this year.	
lankier and lanky	"The boys in the video game club were lankier and lanky, since they were accustomed to sitting for long periods of time."	
lankier and lanky	"The boys in the video game club were lanky and lankier, since they were accustomed to sitting for long periods of time."	
shares and stocks	The broker bought some risky shares and stocks without knowing it and only discovered it later.	
shares and stocks	The broker bought some risky stocks and shares without knowing it and only discovered it later.	
nurses and patriarchs	The building was full of nurses and patriarchs talking loudly about their plans.	
nurses and patriarchs	The building was full of patriarchs and nurses talking loudly about their plans.	
currant and pomegranate	The chef decided to try some dishes using currant and pomegranate to add variety to the menu.	
currant and pomegranate	The chef decided to try some dishes using pomegranate and currant to add variety to the menu.	
happily and rudely	The child happily and rudely asked the woman when she was having a baby.	
happily and rudely	The child rudely and happily asked the woman when she was having a baby.	
address and name	The clerk asked for Melissa's address and name in order to complete the form.	
address and name	The clerk asked for Melissa's name and address in order to complete the form.	
puppies and tigers	The coloring book had lots of pictures of puppies and tigers in it.	
puppies and tigers	The coloring book had lots of pictures of tigers and puppies in it.	
shares and stocks	"The couple decided to buy some shares and stocks as an investment for the future. 	N	Was the couple looking for immediate returns?"	
shares and stocks	The couple decided to buy some stocks and shares as an investment for the future. 	
shares and stocks	"The couple decided to buy some stocks and shares as an investment for the future. 	N	Was the couple looking for immediate returns?"	
first and ninety-eighth	"The couple got separated during their Black Friday shopping, and ended up being the first and ninety-eighth people in line."	
first and ninety-eighth	"The couple got separated during their Black Friday shopping, and ended up being the ninety-eighth and first people in line."	
husband and wife	"The couple was too young to be husband and wife, in their parents' opinion.		"	
husband and wife	"The couple was too young to be wife and husband, in their parents' opinion.		"	
marooned and missing	The crew was declared marooned and missing after a sudden storm ended with their ship stuck on a reef.	
marooned and missing	The crew was declared missing and marooned after a sudden storm ended with their ship stuck on a reef.	
determined and forgettable	The deeds of the determined and forgettable adventurer went largely uncelebrated.	
determined and forgettable	The deeds of the forgettable and determined adventurer went largely uncelebrated.	
bacteria and candy	The dentist told Sally that bacteria and candy would rot her teeth.	
bacteria and candy	The dentist told Sally that candy and bacteria would rot her teeth.	
men and women	"The disparity between the wages of men and women in the workforce is a major concern for many.		"	
men and women	"The disparity between the wages of women and men in the workforce is a major concern for many.		"	
discontent and tearfulness	The doctor said that discontent and tearfulness are signs of depression.	
discontent and tearfulness	The doctor said that tearfulness and discontent are signs of depression.	
beautiful and stinky	The doll was beautiful and stinky after Jenny pulled it out of the trash.	
beautiful and stinky	The doll was stinky and beautiful after Jenny pulled it out of the trash.	
currant and pomegranate	The drink flavored with currant and pomegranate was delicious according to Kim.	
currant and pomegranate	The drink flavored with pomegranate and currant was delicious according to Kim.	
backwards and forwards	"The driver had to move backwards and forwards many times to get the large truck into the parking spot properly.		"	
backwards and forwards	"The driver had to move forwards and backwards many times to get the large truck into the parking spot properly.		"	
masculine and undignified	The duchess was interested in the masculine and undignified suitor for a very long time before she met the prince.	
masculine and undignified	The duchess was interested in the undignified and masculine suitor for a very long time before she met the prince.	
demand and supply	The economist became famous for studying the way demand and supply affect the steel industry.	
demand and supply	The economist became famous for studying the way supply and demand affect the steel industry.	
husband and wife	The elderly couple decided to renew their vows as husband and wife for their fiftieth anniversary.	
husband and wife	The elderly couple decided to renew their vows as wife and husband for their fiftieth anniversary.	
beautiful and stinky	The elephants at the zoo were beautiful and stinky so the children loved them.	
beautiful and stinky	The elephants at the zoo were stinky and beautiful so the children loved them.	
bicycles and robots	The engineer specialized in making bicycles and robots when he worked for the company.	
bicycles and robots	The engineer specialized in making robots and bicycles when he worked for the company.	
loss and profit	"The entrepeneur had a tumultuous career, but handled both loss and profit well enough to secure a comfortable retirement."	
loss and profit	"The entrepeneur had a tumultuous career, but handled both profit and loss well enough to secure a comfortable retirement."	
king and queen	The festival held for the coronation of the king and queen was thoroughly enjoyed by all.	
king and queen	The festival held for the coronation of the queen and king was thoroughly enjoyed by all.	
first and ninety-eighth	The finalists in the tennis championship were ranked first and ninety-eighth in the world prior to the tournament.	
first and ninety-eighth	The finalists in the tennis championship were ranked ninety-eighth and first in the world prior to the tournament.	
bitter and purple	The fruit looked delicious but it turned out to be bitter and purple after I took a bite.	
bitter and purple	The fruit looked delicious but it turned out to be purple and bitter after I took a bite.	
match and mix	The furniture store's match and mix sale made it much easier to furnish multiple rooms. 	
match and mix	The furniture store's mix and match sale made it much easier to furnish multiple rooms. 	
beautiful and stinky	The gardener was dismayed to learn that he had planted some flowers that were both beautiful and stinky alongside the rest of his plants.	
beautiful and stinky	The gardener was dismayed to learn that he had planted some flowers that were both stinky and beautiful alongside the rest of his plants.	
peace and war	"The group of friends liked to discuss peace and war in their philosophy club.		"	
peace and war	"The group of friends liked to discuss war and peace in their philosophy club.		"	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	The growth of the travel industry led to many openings for chauffeurs and stewardesses in the area.	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	The growth of the travel industry led to many openings for stewardesses and chauffeurs in the area.	
nurses and patriarchs	The hotel lobby was full of nurses and patriarchs eager for the start of the conference.	
nurses and patriarchs	The hotel lobby was full of patriarchs and nurses eager for the start of the conference.	
backwards and forwards	"The little girl rocked backwards and forwards on the swing at the park.		"	
backwards and forwards	"The little girl rocked forwards and backwards on the swing at the park.		"	
king and queen	The loud trumpets announced the return of the king and queen from abroad.	
king and queen	The loud trumpets announced the return of the queen and king from abroad.	
therapy and vacations	The man managed to raise his spirits with therapy and vacations after going through a tough divorce.	
therapy and vacations	The man managed to raise his spirits with vacations and therapy after going through a tough divorce.	
fork and knife	"The man was embarassed to learn that he had been holding his fork and knife wrong for years.		"	
fork and knife	"The man was embarassed to learn that he had been holding his knife and fork wrong for years.		"	
child and mother	The man went out of his way to help the child and mother who were looking lost at the airport.	
child and mother	The man went out of his way to help the mother and child who were looking lost at the airport.	
coroners and senators	The media hounded various coroners and senators about the case of the murdered politician.	
coroners and senators	The media hounded various senators and coroners about the case of the murdered politician.	
actresses and lumberjacks	The number of actresses and lumberjacks living in this neighborhood never ceases to surprise me.	
actresses and lumberjacks	The number of lumberjacks and actresses living in this neighborhood never ceases to surprise me.	
brothers and sisters	"The oldest son in the large family was often overwhelmed by his brothers and sisters when he was made to babysit.		"	
brothers and sisters	"The oldest son in the large family was often overwhelmed by his sisters and brothers when he was made to babysit.		"	
horses and loons	The painting featured a natural landscape complete with horses and loons roaming freely.	
horses and loons	The painting featured a natural landscape complete with loons and horses roaming freely.	
marooned and missing	The people on the flight were marooned and missing after a crash landing on the island.	
marooned and missing	The people on the flight were missing and marooned after a crash landing on the island.	
litter and newts	The pet store was full of litter and newts when Martha visited on Saturday.	
litter and newts	The pet store was full of newts and litter when Martha visited on Saturday.	
gelatin and lard	The picky toddler refused to eat anything with gelatin and lard in it.	
gelatin and lard	The picky toddler refused to eat anything with lard and gelatin in it.	
marooned and missing	The pirate was marooned and missing for nearly five months.	
marooned and missing	The pirate was missing and marooned for nearly five months.	
lankier and lanky	"The players on the team were lankier and lanky, as though it were a requirement for joining."	
lankier and lanky	"The players on the team were lanky and lankier, as though it were a requirement for joining."	
address and name	"The post office was not sure what to do with the child's letter, as the address and name were both illegible."	
address and name	"The post office was not sure what to do with the child's letter, as the name and address were both illegible."	
chanting and enchanting	The practice of chanting and enchanting was common in the cult Mary joined.	
chanting and enchanting	The practice of enchanting and chanting was common in the cult Mary joined.	
intents and purposes	The president made his intents and purposes for the law very clear in his speech.	
intents and purposes	The president made his purposes and intents for the law very clear in his speech.	
campfires and wildfires	The ranger warned that proper containment was the only barrier between campfires and wildfires in this dry weather.	
campfires and wildfires	The ranger warned that proper containment was the only barrier between wildfires and campfires in this dry weather.	
campfires and wildfires	The rangers seemed to act like campfires and wildfires were the same thing.	
campfires and wildfires	The rangers seemed to act like wildfires and campfires were the same thing.	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	The rich actress had many chauffeurs and stewardesses to wait on her.	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	The rich actress had many stewardesses and chauffeurs to wait on her.	
groundskeeper and superintendent	"The scandal got most of the staff fired, leaving only the groundskeeper and superintendent at the school in the end."	
groundskeeper and superintendent	"The scandal got most of the staff fired, leaving only the superintendent and groundskeeper at the school in the end."	
peace and war	The seemingly endless cycle of peace and war made it difficult for the lower class to establish stable lives.	
peace and war	The seemingly endless cycle of war and peace made it difficult for the lower class to establish stable lives.	
annoying and teal	The snobby neighborhood thought that the annoying and teal house on the corner should be repainted.	
annoying and teal	The snobby neighborhood thought that the teal and annoying house on the corner should be repainted.	
litter and newts	"The store had a variety of litter and newts, which made choosing one very hard."	
litter and newts	"The store had a variety of newts and litter, which made choosing one very hard."	
loss and profit	"The struggling businessman didn't understand loss and profit as well as he should have.		"	
loss and profit	"The struggling businessman didn't understand profit and loss as well as he should have.		"	
determined and forgettable	The student who was both determined and forgettable ended up doing very well in the class.	
determined and forgettable	The student who was both forgettable and determined ended up doing very well in the class.	
vocabulary and vowels	The teacher explained the concepts of vocabulary and vowels after the student asked a question.	
vocabulary and vowels	The teacher explained the concepts of vowels and vocabulary after the student asked a question.	
cherries and llamas	The third grade class saw cherries and llamas at the state fair.	
cherries and llamas	The third grade class saw llamas and cherries at the state fair.	
bishops and seamstresses	The town square was full of bishops and seamstresses at the time of the festival.	
bishops and seamstresses	The town square was full of seamstresses and bishops at the time of the festival.	
east and west	"The train tracks running east and west fell into disrepair as they became obsolete.		"	
east and west	"The train tracks running west and east fell into disrepair as they became obsolete.		"	
demand and supply	"The weaver tried to keep up with demand and supply when refugees and immigrants flooded the small town.		"	
demand and supply	"The weaver tried to keep up with supply and demand when refugees and immigrants flooded the small town.		"	
abashed and sorry	The woman was abashed and sorry when she realized her mistake.	
abashed and sorry	The woman was sorry and abashed when she realized her mistake.	
felines and quails	The zoologist took time to document the variety of felines and quails in the area.	
felines and quails	The zoologist took time to document the variety of quails and felines in the area.	
church and state	There is a lot of debate about the separation of church and state is being interpreted too literally in today's society.	
church and state	There is a lot of debate about the separation of state and church is being interpreted too literally in today's society.	
demand and supply	"There is an imbalance of demand and supply for books in the digital age.		"	
demand and supply	"There is an imbalance of supply and demand for books in the digital age.		"	
magazines and newspapers	There is much concern about the future of magazines and newspapers in a society that is increasingly online.	
magazines and newspapers	There is much concern about the future of newspapers and magazines in a society that is increasingly online.	
blankets and kittens	There was a giant heap of blankets and kittens in the middle of the living room floor.	
blankets and kittens	There was a giant heap of kittens and blankets in the middle of the living room floor.	
bishops and seamstresses	There was a huge increase in transactions between bishops and seamstresses in the weeks prior to the ceremony.	
bishops and seamstresses	There was a huge increase in transactions between seamstresses and bishops in the weeks prior to the ceremony.	
felines and quails	There were always felines and quails in the woods behind my house.	
felines and quails	There were always quails and felines in the woods behind my house.	
men and women	"There were an equal number of men and women who applied to the business school this year.		"	
men and women	"There were an equal number of women and men who applied to the business school this year.		"	
bishops and seamstresses	There were many bishops and seamstresses in the small town where I grew up.	
bishops and seamstresses	There were many seamstresses and bishops in the small town where I grew up.	
bride and groom	"They had a long engagement, so the bride and groom were excited that it was finally their wedding day."	
bride and groom	"They had a long engagement, so the groom and bride were excited that it was finally their wedding day."	
ducks and peanuts	They saw many ducks and peanuts on their trip to the zoo.	
ducks and peanuts	They saw many peanuts and ducks on their trip to the zoo.	
actresses and lumberjacks	This bar is popular among the actresses and lumberjacks who live in the neighborhood.	
actresses and lumberjacks	This bar is popular among the lumberjacks and actresses who live in the neighborhood.	
shares and stocks	Valerie didn't know how to buy shares and stocks so she asked a friend to help her.	
shares and stocks	Valerie didn't know how to buy stocks and shares so she asked a friend to help her.	
campfires and wildfires	We encountered many campfires and wildfires on our hike through the wilderness last weekend.	
campfires and wildfires	We encountered many wildfires and campfires on our hike through the wilderness last weekend.	
magazines and newspapers	"When he went to bookstores, Peter usually looked at magazines and newspapers instead of novels.		"	
magazines and newspapers	"When he went to bookstores, Peter usually looked at newspapers and magazines instead of novels.		"	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	"When I met many chauffeurs and stewardesses at a party, I started questioning my job."	
chauffeurs and stewardesses	"When I met many stewardesses and chauffeurs at a party, I started questioning my job."	
cherries and llamas	"When I was a kid, cherries and llamas were my favorite things.		"	
cherries and llamas	"When I was a kid, llamas and cherries were my favorite things.		"	
bride and groom	"When the band played them a demo of the song they wanted, the bride and groom decided to look for a different one."	
bride and groom	"When the band played them a demo of the song they wanted, the groom and bride decided to look for a different one."	
error and trial	"While all can agree that error and trial is effective, there are often better ways to solve problems.		"	
error and trial	"While all can agree that trial and error is effective, there are often better ways to solve problems.		"	
flowers and zinnias	"While walking my dog, I admired the flowers and zinnias lining the gardens in the neighborhood."	
flowers and zinnias	"While walking my dog, I admired the zinnias and flowers lining the gardens in the neighborhood."	
intents and purposes	"With some difficulty, I inferred the intents and purposes of the new committee from the vague speeches they gave."	
intents and purposes	"With some difficulty, I inferred the purposes and intents of the new committee from the vague speeches they gave."	
